Blog post of ambassadors program (#267)
huggingface/blog: ambassadors-program.md

---
title: "Student Ambassador Program’s call for applications is open!"

> thumbnail: /blog/assets/57_ai_residency/residency-thumbnail.jpg

Reviewer: We need to update the thumbnail here

Author: here is a first proposal 
<img width="428" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95622912/165056958-d07a802a-e2af-430c-b8aa-be4eab6007e7.png">

Author: or 
<img width="390" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95622912/165059163-9ba4289a-76e6-4544-b72e-45a214040e7d.png">

Author: or 
<img width="390" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95622912/165059353-12f1e1f6-68c7-4d97-b3a8-4dd779230a28.png">

Author: or 
<img width="341" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95622912/165060197-7e00cff1-9c9d-438f-b276-b22971923f9b.png">

---

<h1>
    Student Ambassador Program’s call for applications is open!
</h1>

<div class="blog-metadata">
    <small>Published May 9, 2022.</small>
    <a target="_blank" class="btn no-underline text-sm mb-5 font-sans" href="https://github.com/huggingface/blog/blob/main/ambassadors-program.md">
        Update on GitHub
    </a>
</div>

<div class="author-card">
    <a href="/Violette">
        <img class="avatar avatar-user" src="https://aeiljuispo.cloudimg.io/v7/https://s3.amazonaws.com/moonup/production/uploads/1638698875017-noauth.jpeg?w=200&h=200&f=face" title="Gravatar">
        <div class="bfc">
            <code>Violette</code>
            <span class="fullname">Violette Lepercq</span>
        </div>
    </a>
</div>

> As an open-source company democratizing machine learning, Hugging Face believes it is essential to **[educate](https://huggingface.co/blog/education)** people from all kinds of backgrounds worldwide. **We aim to teach machine learning to 5 million people by 2023**.

Reviewer: I really don't like the usage of "educate".

Author: we will use teach instead :)

> As an Open Source company democratizing machine learning, Hugging Face believes it is essential to **[educate](https://www.notion.so/About-Hugging-Face-for-Education-afca12e2bc7c4e1ea9346ef2306a0a69)** people from all kinds of backgrounds worldwide. Our motivation is to teach machine learning to 5 million people by 2023.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if educate is the right word here. At least to me it doesn't read right.

> As an Open Source company democratizing machine learning, Hugging Face believes it is essential to **[educate](https://www.notion.so/About-Hugging-Face-for-Education-afca12e2bc7c4e1ea9346ef2306a0a69)** people from all kinds of backgrounds worldwide. Our motivation is to teach machine learning to 5 million people by 2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an Open Source company democratizing machine learning, Hugging Face believes it is essential to **[educate](https://www.notion.so/About-Hugging-Face-for-Education-afca12e2bc7c4e1ea9346ef2306a0a69)** people from all kinds of backgrounds worldwide. **We aim to teach machine learning to 5 million people by 2023**.
```

> As an Open Source company democratizing machine learning, Hugging Face believes it is essential to **[educate](https://www.notion.so/About-Hugging-Face-for-Education-afca12e2bc7c4e1ea9346ef2306a0a69)** people from all kinds of backgrounds worldwide. Our motivation is to teach machine learning to 5 million people by 2023.

Reviewer: Let's consistently say open-source or Open Source, but not both

Author: ok

> Wanna be part of Hugging Face’s machine learning democratization journey and teach & gather your campus communities around collaborative ML? Do you use Hugging Face's Hub and its open-source libraries? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wanna be part of Hugging Face’s machine learning democratization journey and teach & gather your campus communities around collaborative ML? Do you use Hugging Face and its open-source libraries? 
```

**If yes, we are opening our first Student Ambassador Program 🤗 🥳**

If you want to:
* help your peers in their machine learning journey,

> * use free open-source technologies,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* learn and use free, open-source technologies,
```

* contribute to a thriving ecosystem,
* and you're keen on fostering communities while sharing [our community values](https://huggingface2.notion.site/huggingface2/Hugging-Face-Code-of-Conduct-45eeeafa9ef44c5e888a2952619fdfa8),

This is an excellent opportunity for you! You have until June 13, 2022 to [apply](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScY9kTi-TjZipRFRviluRCwSjFf3CCsMbKedzO1tq2S0wtbNQ/viewform?usp=sf_link)! 

<br />

**What are the benefits of being part of the Program?** 🤩 

Selected ambassadors will benefit from many resources and support:

🎎 Network of peers with whom ambassadors can collaborate. 

🧑🏻‍💻 Exclusive workshops and support from the Hugging Face team! 

> 🤗 Direct contact with the HF team, including insight into the latest projects, features, and more! 

Reviewer: Maybe we can just say

```suggestion
🤗 Insight into the latest projects, features, and more!
```
